Notes to myself on ephemerality, e.g. when to use ephemeral responses to interactions.

I'm not sure the best way to be consistent on this. At the time I'm writing this, what
things are ephemeral is a little random. /ping and /help are, which makes *some* sense,
but I think I'd rather them not to be because they're pretty small and one-off.
About half the errors are. Most games/duck commands are not, which makes sense since
they invite group participation - it'd be crazy to make, say, /vibe ephemeral.

So what *should* be ephemeral? Hmm. There's a difference in preference between PC
and DC here. The former would obviously prefer less command churn in the chat, hence
ephemerality. But also most of PC's commands are transactional. The fun spectacle stuff
is DC only.

As for errors, I think embedded errors can usually be ephemeral, but crashes should be
public for the sake of visibility (we already know that many people don't or don't know
how to report issues). Embedded errors would need some kind of logging so I can see they're
happening, but they're much less urgent since they are deliberate end states of command usage.
I think I'll give each one a human friendly error code. The only embedded errors I'd leave as
public are the joke callout ones, like trying to request the moderoid role.

Which errors shouldn't be ephemeral? I like the idea of the jokey callout errors being
non-ephemeral. For example, Porygon will call you out if you try to delete someone's pet
or reques tthe moderoid role. Let that stuff stay public.

So, a full list would be something like.

The following should be ephemeral:

- Transactional commands, e.g. /role add, /rolelist.
- Most embedded errors.
- Op commands.

The following should not:

- Spectacle-based commands, e.g. /vibe, /pory.
- Games like /hangman.
- Callout error messages.
- Quick one-off commands like most of plugincore.

This might have to change if people abuse them. I can see plugincore being spammed
once or twice, but I think the novelty will wear off quickly.

If we need more control, I can see the possibility of an "ephemerality policy"
as something that can be set per guild? Perhaps tie it into creating a replier type.
Instead of specifying ephemerality, you would specify what kind of reply this is,
and that would defer to the policy. I don't want to tackle that right now though.